Add loader policy statements (#749)
KhronosGroup/Vulkan-Loader: docs/LoaderDriverInterface.md

information directly from the respective libraries and does not use the JSON
manifest files used by the Windows, Linux and macOS loaders.

## Loader and Driver Policy

This section is intended to define proper behavior expected between the loader
and drivers.
Much of this section is additive to the Vulkan spec, and necessary for
maintaining consistency across platforms.
In fact, much of the language can be found throughout this document, but is
summarized here for convenience.
Additionally, there should be a way to identify bad or non-conformant behavior

> in adriver and remedy it as soon as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in a driver and remedy it as soon as possible.
```
